Battleships using python

Battleships is a strategy type based game guessing game between two players, it is played on ruled grids in which each player marks where their ships will be placed, the ships are concealed from the other player. The Players then have a set amount of turns to guess where the hidden ships are located on the grid. A grid is formed on the "x" and "y" axis using the alpthbet and a scale of numbers, the palyers would have to guess the location by calling out a combonation of letter and number for example "2A" and the other player has to let the oppnent know wheater it was a hit or miss. The game continues until there are no more ships remaining on the feild.

By using the basis of the game creating it with python and making it a single player game vs the computer. The grid is on a range of "1-8" and "A-H". There are 5 ships on the grid each randomly placed each new game cycle, the player has 10 turns to located and hit the ships. When a ship is hit the console will say "Congratulations you have hit the battleship" , when the palyer misses the console will say "Sorry, you missed" and once all ships are hit the console will save "Congratulations you have sunk all the battleships".

What I could add next to this project would be by making on a website with animations and sound effects to make it more vissaully attracive. Adding a variety of ship types with different sizes a carrier(5 squares), battleship(4 squares), cruiser(3 squares), submarine(3 squares) and destroyer(2 sqyares). This would mean i could also incase the size of the grid and turns allowed for the game. If I wanted to make the game more advanced I could impleament a scoring system that rewards the player for sinking enemy ships and penailzes them for missing shots along with a multiple difficulty levels for the computer opponent (easy, medium and hard).

How I could have improved my project. I found some diffuclutie in making the ships bigger in size which lead to me only have one square sized ships on the grid, this makes it a little bit harder to find the hidden ship on the board and within a limit of ten turns it can be difficult to complete a game cycle.
